To run this program, you need to have Java 8 installed on this computer. It should work with
Windows, Mac, and Linux and 32 or 64-bit java, but it has only been tested with 64-bit Java on
Windows.

To run the application, open 'hyperbolic-space.jar'. It will open a window. It may take a little
while to load, but once it does, you will see a hyperbolic plane.

You can look around with the mouse. Clicking on the window to allow the application to capture the
mouse, allowing you to look around with it. Pressing Backspace will release the mouse. Pressing
Escape will quit the application (although the close button also works).

WASD controls "strafe" the camera without going forwards or backwards. The arrow keys are not
enabled.

Holding down the left or right mouse button makes you go forwards or backwards, respectively.

Hold down shift while using the movement buttons to move more slowly.

Note that if you move too far away from the center of the scene, you will be blocked from moving
further to prevent glitches.

Press Q and E to tilt the camera left and right.

The number keys allow you to place objects in front of you.
1- Regular dodecahedron
2- Line segment extending forwards and backwards from your position (actually an extruded octagon)
3- Section of a horosphere
4- Plane
5- Small sphere

Pressing R will reset everything, removing all objects from the scene, including the original plane.
Everything will be all black with no reference points until you spawn an object.

You can also press function keys to take you to new scenes. Note that this will clear any objects
you have spawned in front of you.

F1- Larger section of a horosphere than you would get by pressing 3.
F2- My personal favorite, a tree such that each intersection has edges extending at right angles.

You can also press F11 to toggle fullscreen.

Advanced controls:
O/P: Change the field of view (zoom in and out)
Ctrl: Toggle rotation lock. When rotation lock is enabled, the camera automatically rotates to look
at a fixed point at infinity. Moving the mouse still works and changes the point at infinity the
camera is looking at. This mode is recommended for rotating around objects.
Delete: Delete everything from the scene (Pressing R is usually a better idea).

Lastly, there is an "options.txt" file. Depending on how fast your computer is, you can modify
some values to improve the look of either the F1 or F2 scene.
